# Project A3

Welcome to Project A3, a repository created by [p4rq]! This project is built using Node.js and Express.js.

ADMIN USERNAME: anuarbek

PASSWORD: anuarbek
## Structure

This project contains the following main directories and files:

- `models`: This directory contains the models for the project. Models represent the data in your application and define how to interact with your database.

- `routes`: This directory contains the routes for the project. Routes define the endpoints of your application and how they should respond to client requests.

- `views`: This directory contains the views for the project. Views define how your application's data is presented to the user.

- `index.js`: This is the main application file. It sets up your application and brings everything together.


- `package-lock.json`: This file is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree, or package.json. It describes the exact tree that was generated, such that subsequent installs are able to generate identical trees, regardless of intermediate dependency updates.

- `package.json`: This file contains metadata relevant to the project. It includes things like the project's name, version, description, and dependencies.

## Installation

To install this project, you'll need to have Node.js and npm installed on your computer. From your command line:

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/p4rq/finalv2.git`
2. Navigate into the directory: `cd finalv2`
3. Install the dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

To start the server, run: `node index.js`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to create an account on GitHub and contribute to the development of Project finalv2.

